Improve workflow for special sessions (#67)
src-d/reading-club: organization-workflow.md

The general workflow to organize a reading club session is as follows:

## For special sessions

> Add an event to the relevant Google Calendar as soon as the date is decided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add an event to the ["Conferences & Events"](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=sourced.tech_vnootou25lkv75a70l2qac65og%40group.calendar.google.com) public calendar as soon as the date is decided.
```
